# Heart_Disease_Prediction_using_Machine_Learning
In this Project,  when we feed new data, our model predict whether that person has heart disease or not by using the machine learning technique.
First step is to get heart data from the kaggle. Thus, this dataset contains several health parameters which corresponds to a person's healthiness of the heart. As, we cannot feed the raw data into our machine learning algorithm. For this, we need to process this dataset to make it to fit and compatible for our machine learning algorithm to learn. Once, we process the data, then splitting the data into training and testing data. After that, we train our machine learning algorithm with training data then evaluate our model. We evaluate the performance of our model using the test data. The part of this process is called as train test split where we split our original dataset into training data and testing data. Then, we feed our training data to our machine learning model. In this case, we use a logistic regression model because this particular usecase is a binary classification. So, we classify whether a person has a disease/defective heart or not. Because this is a binary classification either yes or no kind of classification. In this binary classification, logistic regression model is very useful. Once we train this logistic regression model with our training data. Then, we do some evaluation on our model to check its performance. After that, we get a trained logistic regression model. When we feed new data to this trained logistic regression model, this model will predict whether that person has heart disease or not.
